Salty
Van Xim, I didn't expect you to be such a pervert.
Cooperate with her.
That's me being charming.
Okay, then today I will kill you two myself.
Hey, look at the bad review on his face.
Want to seduce me
Luckily I wasn't fooled.
I will play with him.
you wait for me
Wait until I become the head of Nga Mi, I will be the first to kill you.
Let go. I'm not blind.
Not important.
I can make you the top.
Or do I not want it anymore?
So what is your condition?
Bedroom need me to play with you?
My conditions
Just show me a little bit of the immortality code kept by your Emei sect.
Longevity
How do you know that there is a first level cultivation method of the Longevity Technique on Emei?
You may not believe it if I say it.
I'm dying.
Meet the priest
Tell me the Longevity Decision can save your life.
Otherwise I wouldn't be stuck in this mud.
My village was killed by the enemy.
I am alone.
If I die, no one will avenge them.
Nonsense.
Look into my eyes.
What do you see?
You didn't wash your face this morning, did you?
Face full of shit
Not sincere.
If Bach Tam Lan is the master
Nga Mi Cake, do you still have a way to survive?
Okay, I promise.
So my martial arts secret is not written in blank.
Why do you write martial arts secrets?
Of course sell to make money for you.
Sell ​​martial arts to make money